 This program causes multiple LEDs to blink at different rates. The microprocessors used are the MSP430G2553 and the MSP432P401R. The MSP430G2553 uses the MSP430.h header file while the MSP432P401R uses the more generic MSP.h header file. Both programs stop the watchdog timer to prevent the system from resetting. Both programs use infinite loops and declare a volatile unsigned int to be used for its nested loop. Both microprocessors had PxDIR bits set to one to set certain pins as outputs (LEDs). Both programs have for loops nested in the infinite loop that aim to delay when the LEDs are meant to toggle on/off.
 
For the MSP430G2553, the P1DIR was set to make BIT0 and BIT6 to one so that they would be output (LEDs). Within the infinite for loop and after declaring the volatile unsigned int, P1OUT has an XOR with a one at BIT0 to toggle P1.0 (LED1). The nested for loop comes after where the unsigned int variable decrements each loop starting from 50000. Five conditional statements in the nested for loop toggles P1.6 (LED2) using XOR with a one in BIT6. LED2 toggles five times during one toggle of LED1.

For the MSP432P401R, the P2SEL0 was bitwise AND with the inverse of (BIT1 OR BIT0) to set those bits of P2SEL0 to zero and as input/output (I/O) pins. P1SEL0 was bitwise AND with the inverse of BIT0 to set it to zero and as an I/O pin. The direction registers of port 2 for BIT0 and BIT1 were set to one as outputs (LEDs). The direction register of port 1 for BIT0 was set to one as an output (LED1). Within the infinite for loop and after declaring the volatile unsigned int, P2OUT has an XOR with a one in BIT0 to toggle P2.0 (LED2 Red) on/off. The following nested loop uses the unsigned int and decrements starting from 50000 until the condition (i>0) is false. The five conditional statements toggle P2.1 (LED2 Green) on/off using an XOR with a one in BIT1 in port 2. LED2 Green toggles five times during one toggle of LED2 Red. The two conditional statements after those five statements toggle P1.0 (LED1) on/off using an XOR with a one in BIT0 in port 1. LED1 toggles two times in the time it takes for LED2 Red to toggle.
